[Applause]
it was a day of high drama in Congress
more than usual even there was a major
plot twist in this ongoing quid pro quo
show today a Donald Trump's ambassador
to the EU a wealthy hotel owner named
Gordon Sandlin this is a guy Trump
appointed after the guy donated a
million dollars to his inauguration he
was the gentleman in the middle of the
Ukraine negotiation he initially said he
was not involved he didn't know anything
about any quid pro quo but then two of
his colleagues testified that he did
they said he did know
Trump was withholding military aid in
exchange for dirt on the Biden's so
Salman did something highly unusual he
revised his testimony he now says he did
know that stuff he didn't know last week
according to his new and improved
testimony he claims his memory was
refreshed and he now recalls telling a
top advisor to the president of Ukraine
that they would not get military aid
unless they launched an investigation
into the Biden's gee I wonder what jog
his memory maybe he started taking those
omega-3 supplements as evidence they say
those are very effective against perjury
so turns out it was a quid pro quo which
we already knew but now we know which
means our president might not be telling
the truth and I have some more bad news
for the president according to a new
Washington post/abc News poll all five
of the top Democratic candidates are
polling ahead of him
Joe Biden leaves
we cast 56% Elizabeth Warren Bernie
Sanders Pete Buddha judge and Kamala
Harris were all lead Trump - as do
bedbugs are Kelly slow the lead any
money dr. William Cosby those whiskey
cards honey boo-boo mama June trouble
warm coleslaw dinner parties where you
don't know anyone Matt Damon the last
time he came in second it all worked out
fine and to cheer himself up the
president held a peppy little rally in
Kentucky last night at which he managed
to brazenly lie about his position on
health care and come up with a brand new
slogan all in one sentence we will
always protect patients with
pre-existing conditions and we will also
protect you with pre-existing physicians
how about pre-existing
[Music]
yeah well I I believe it it makes almost
no sense at all
but that little detour paled in
comparison to this now I know what we're
used to this now this is really so
embarrassing this man is so insecure
even though he's standing in front of
thousands of people wearing his hats and
chanting his name he still can't resist
showering himself with loving praise
from an angry old lady named Lou Dobbs
the great Lou Dobbs and he said Wendy
Trump took over President Trump he used
to say Trump is a great president then
he said Trump is the greatest president
since Ronald Reagan then he said then he
said no no Trump is an even better
president than Ronald Reagan
and now he's got me down as the greatest
president in the history of our country
including George Washington and Abraham
'land
did you imagine like anyone else in the
world talking like that stroking
themselves so vigorously in front of
other people it's crazy we have a crazy
person running our country and not only
that he's also still demanding more
credit for the military strike on the
leader of Isis they can take what we did
two weeks ago with the number one
terrorist in the world and they make it
look as bad as possible in fact I love
dogs but they gave the dog full credit
they didn't give me any credit that's a
lie
the dog got the credit no it took three
years but our president is finally
feuding with the dog Donald Trump
doesn't have a dog but he claims he
likes dogs because he knows it would be
unpopular not to like dogs but I'll tell
you this he doesn't have a whole lot of
good things to say about dogs they don't
quit like he quit like a dog it's hot as
hell in this room I'm sweating like a
dog I'm watching Marco sweating like a
dog and I see her barking like a dog
because honestly he cheated like a dog
he choked it's just like a dog he jumped
like a dog he choked
he choked he choked like a dog just got
thrown out of the Navy like a dog she
cheated like a dog he died like a dog
she lies like a dog none other than my
friend Snoop Dogg that's an entirely
different talk but this was
the scarier the president it was a big
lead a for his third favorite son Donald
Jr who released his first book today
it's called triggered which is funny
because just like everything else TJ TJ
tries to do Joe Rogan did three years
ago this is but this is some book he
attacks Obama Robert Muller CNN Mitt
Romney George Bush liberals the media
the liberal media basically for $18 you
get to read his father's Twitter account
and one of the more interesting personal
tidbits in in the book is his defense of
accusations that his father is a racist
he wrote oh and by the way given all the
things my father has been called
particularly a racist it sure sounds odd
that he'd let his son vacation with a
black man or hang out with Michael
Jackson doesn't it yes it does so not
that sounds very odd
it's nothing says I love my son more
than leaving him alone in a room with
Michael Jackson your father's not racist
he's insane
while all this tumult is to moulting
where in the world is Sean Spicer
[Applause]
[Music]
is that a dancing he's just as good at
dancing as he wasn't handling the press
give me a little more that will ya
yeah and after that dynamic performance
Sean Spicer who again at the lowest
score survived another week he's now in
the final six somehow Sean Spicer has
survived longer on Dancing with the
Stars than he did in the white house and
no one was more surprised by this stay
of execution than his dance partner
Jenna
[Music]
[Applause]
what that's the same face Melania made
on election night the judges have now
had enough of this Sean Spicer Carrie
Ann Inaba openly expressed confusion had
dismayed as to why he was still in this
and they weren't at all subtle when they
gave the scores
[Music]
[Applause]
and Bruno went a little bit too far but
I guess he's getting hugs Sean Spicer
has become the Sanjaya of Dancing with
the Stars people are voting for him just
out of spite his former boss tweeted
support last night even though today is
a real election day in 39 states last
night Trump wrote vote for Sean Spicer
on Dancing with the Stars he is a great
and very loyal guy who's working very
hard and that I hope all these proud
red-blooded redheaded Americans who've
mobilized the vote for Sean Spicer every
Monday night on Dancing with the Stars
remember how passionate they were about
this televised cha-cha contest when one
of their sons tells him he wants to try
out for the high school production of
Cabaret I really do
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings